[MAINTENANCE] Deleting References to UserConfigurableProfiler Documentation (#7983)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/guides/expectations/advanced/how_to_create_a_new_expectation_suite_using_rule_based_profilers.md

---

> title: How to create a new Expectation Suite using Profiling Framework

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: How to create a new Expectation Suite using a Profiling Framework
```

Author: @Rachel-Reverie This seems outdated (I must have already corrected the text to use "Custom Profiler" or "Profiler").  Thanks.

---
import Prerequisites from '../../../guides/connecting_to_your_data/components/prerequisites.jsx';
import TechnicalTag from '@site/docs/term_tags/_tag.mdx';

In this tutorial, you will develop hands-on experience with configuring a Custom Profiler <TechnicalTag tag="profiler" text="Profiler" /> to create an <TechnicalTag tag="expectation_suite" text="Expectation Suite" />. You will <TechnicalTag tag="profiling" text="Profile" /> several <TechnicalTag tag="batch" text="Batches" /> of NYC yellow taxi trip data to come up with reasonable estimates for the ranges of <TechnicalTag tag="expectation" text="Expectations" /> for several numeric columns.

## Prerequisites

<Prerequisites>

- A basic understanding of <TechnicalTag tag="metric" text="Metrics" /> in Great Expectations.
- A basic understanding of [Expectation Configurations in Great Expectations](https://docs.greatexpectations.io/docs/reference/expectations/expectations).

> - Completion of the overview of <TechnicalTag tag="profiler" text="Profiling Framework" /> and the  [Profiling Framework](../../../terms/profiler.md#rule-based-profilers) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Familiarity with the basic concepts of <TechnicalTag tag="profiler" text="Profilers" /> and the  [Profiling Framework](../../../terms/profiler.md#rule-based-profilers).
```

Author: Great catch -- thanks!
